[Connor] I just wanted to talk
to you. I-I know we've had some.
you know. awkward passings.
Anyway. um. I'm going
back to school s-soon
and we haven't really
hung out this summer.
So I didn't know if you maybe
wanted to grab dinner sometime?
Oh. uh. yeah. I don't
think so. Sorry.
But have a good school year.
Thanks.
[sighs]
Mr. Laird. Did you see that?
Huh? Connor? Hey.
No. no. no. I was just up here. uh.
thinking about re-sanding this banister.
'Cause I don't want anybody
to get splinters. you know?
Ow! Fuck. Goddamn it.
[sighs]
[Alice] Connor will
bounce back. right?
From. "Have a good school
year"? Zero chance.
Ow! Not cool. kid.
[chuckles] Got it.
[clears throat] So. um...
So. Daughter. um. I've been wanting
to talk to you about something.
Um... [sighs]...I had a surprise
visitor at the office...
[Alice] Um. can
you tell me later?
Sorry. I just have my driver's
test in. like. an hour
and I'm really stressed
about my license photo.
I-I know I wanna smile.
but I can't decide whether to
do mouth closed. Or barely open.
[stammers] It's like two
completely different people.
- [door opens]
- Hey. there she is.
Well. who's ready for
a big adult milestone?
Me. I guess.
Unless I fail. Then I'm...
Then it's over. It's over.
[Jimmy] Hey. even if
you do. it'll be okay.
You don't remember this.
but you failed at toilet training
until you were. like. five.
Now look at ya. Pooping
in potties like a pro.
[laughs] Nice.
Oh. my God.
See you later. Dad.
Thanks for taking her. Apparently I.
uh... [sighs] ...I make her too nervous.
I owe you one.
Hmm. Letting me spy on you off
my balcony is payment enough.
Spying on me from your balcony. it's-it's
invasive and it's pretty creepy.
Especially with the smile.
- Understood.
- [chuckles]
Still gonna do it though.
Whoa. You know I love those.
What are you wearing your sex boxers
at work for. you little freak?
Dress for the job you want.
Wow. You'd better
slow that down.
- [chuckles]
- Don't hurt nobody.
- We are now processing that application.
- Oh. thanks.
Tell me more about
this job you want.
- You want scratchies?
- Hey. Paul.
- Whoops.
- Whoa.
[Paul] It's all good.
We should add it to
our sign out front.
"Rhoades Cognitive
Behavioral Therapy Center...
Our doctors fuck."
Wait a minute. All right.
That makes it seem like we have sex
with our patients. which we don't.
At least I don't.
That is not funny.
Paul. I want to assure you I have not had
full penetration with any of the patients.
Wonderful.
Uh. did you get a chance to
tell Alice about our visitor?
I have not. No. I. uh... [clears
throat] I can't find the right way in.
Yesterday. she broke a
mug and I almost said.
"Don't worry. sweetie.
It's just an accident.
Speaking of accidents. remember
the one your mom was in?
The guy who killed her came by."
- Smooth.
- Yeah.
I gotta nail this 'cause
it's really gonna rattle her.
Rattled you too.
Did it? Oh. I guess I never
really thought about it.
Gosh. you're good.
Yes. it rattled me. Paul. But
I'm-I'm stronger than you think.
Good news if true.
Hey. Dr. Rhoades. I just came early
because I wanted to steal a protein bar.
[chuckles] And
another one for later.
And another one to sell.
[Paul] See you
there in a second.
[sighs] Oh. man.
Hey. what's wrong. boo boo?
[sighs] My caseload is full.
and. uh. I picked up Sean.
Unfortunately. I
have to drop someone.
- Not Raymond. He's your favorite.
- I don't have favorites.
Please. We all have
favorites. Mine is Annie.
Oh. the one who slept with her mom's
boyfriend just to prove he was a cheater.
Uh-huh. I love that messy bitch.
I don't love Ray.
- It's just unfortunate...
- [both mouthing word] Ray.
That the one client
who's equipped to move on
- is the one that I...
- Crush on?
- Wanna be bros with?
- Wanna "big-spoon-little-spoon" with?
[Gaby] You guys wanna power walk
together with tiny dumbbells.
Share a rotisserie
chicken from Costco.
I can't believe
you're dumping me.
Ray. you've been doing
so well for so long.
And I've got this kid... [sighs]
who could really use my help.
Kid? Knew it.
He's probably messed up in all kinds
of young. exciting ways. right?
At this point. you're just
paying me to shoot the shit.
- I feel like I'm robbing you.
- I know. That's why I take protein bars.
[chuckles]
[Raymond] Truth is. we've
been through a lot together.
My dad's death. my divorce.
that month I tried
an English accent.
[chuckles]
Can we at least still be friends?
Maybe get a beer sometime?
Ray. it wouldn't be appropriate.
I'm strict about boundaries.
Okay. Well... [grunts] ...at least
admit that you're gonna miss me.
- I will. Very much.
- [chuckles]
Since we're not
gonna be friends...
[in English accent] ...can I
have some of my money back. guv?
- Don't end it like this.
- [both chuckle]
No tea? No crumpets?
How come Gaby got a thank-you note
for her wedding gift and I did not?
Because you didn't
get us a gift.
I made a donation in your names
to the Pasadena Animal Rescue.
- As I said. you did not get us a gift.
- Oh. my God.
And cardio burst.
Ew.
Speaking of ew... [inhales sharply]
I gotta stop bonking Jimmy. [sighs]
- Oh. good. We're back here again.
- I know. I'm so pathetic.
But. like. you know. I'm strong.
I can handle shit. You know?
I was married to a heroin
addict. I helped him get clean.
You know I wax myself too?
- Why?
- I don't even look away when I do it.
I look right down the
barrel of this bad boy.
Whoa.
You know. I can hold
my pee for 48 hours.
That's too long. Gaby.
I know. But for some reason. I
can't quit this basic-ass man.
Don't look at me.
I've tried everything except
knocking his dick out of your mouth.
- [panting] Okay. hi.
- I need help.
You'll stop fucking Jimmy when
you're ready. Back me up. Brian.
Yeah. Honestly... [sighs]
the main thing I think is how come no
one told me you were fucking Jimmy?
What? Our Jimmy? No. Ew. Gross.
- I guess I could see it.
- Yeah.
How long has this been going on?
[mumbles] Since he puked all over
himself at your engagement party.
- Yeah. engagement party.
- Since my engagement?
[screams]
You know what? Fuck
Jimmy for not telling me.
- And fuck you. Gaby.
- Mm-hmm. [gasps]
- Fuck you too. Liz.
- [stammers]
Fuck rescue dogs. That's
right. Fuck hiking.
Fuck that headband.
Actually. I like that
headband. [sighs]
He's supposed to
be my best friend.
My best friend!
Fuck all of you!
Fuck you. red shirt. You too.
leggings. Fuck this whole mountain!
Honestly. that made
it all worth it.
- Agreed. Do you wanna look for rocks?
- No.
[Alice sighs]
Test didn't go great.
She knocked over a few cones
and she scraped a mailbox.
And those dummies
passed me anyway!
- Oh! Yes! Congratulations.
- [laughs]
I'm s... I'm so proud of you.
I'm gonna dump my stuff
and we'll celebrate.
Wherever we go. I'm driving.
And I'm taking your car.
You got it.
Speaking of cars. do you remember
what happened to your mom in one?
Oh. goddamn it! Goddamn it!
- What?
- [Jimmy] I'm sorry.
I was... I've been trying to find
a way in. [sighs] That was not it.
Um. sweetie.
the other driver from your mom's
accident came to my office.
Holy shit. When?
Last week.
Last week? And you're
just telling me now?
[sighs] I'm sorry.
What did he want?
I don't know. To talk.
probably. It doesn't matter.
I told him to... [stammers]
...leave and then he did.
- [sighs] Hey. you okay?
- [sighs]
[sighs] I guess. I don't know.
- Same here. [chuckles]
- Yeah.
You wanna talk about it?
Um. no. not yet. But I'm
really glad you told me.
Yeah. Pretty smooth.
[both chuckle]
- Okay. I'm gonna go get ready.
- Okay. I love you.
[sighs]
"Speaking of cars"?
- Derek. what do I have to do...
- [chuckles]
to get you to stop spying on me?
Probably move.
["Frightening Fishes" by
Benjamin Gibbard playing]
- [sighs deeply]
- [dice rattle]
He emerges from
his cave. My man.
Aw. you okay. sweetie?
I... I can't stop
thinking about Alice.
- I... [sighs]
- [Connor] It's an emotional pain.
but my whole body hurts.
- Oh. Bubba. I get it. I love you.
- Love you.
So whiny. How long do we
have to live like this?
- Mom?
- Yeah. sweetie?
Could you make me French toast?
Coming right up.
He's the worst. Kill me now.
You are such a good mom.
- [chuckles]
- [dice clatter]
- Dude. go make us French toast.
- Coming right up.
- Hey. I'm going to brunch with Summer.
- Oh.
I said you'd pay for it
because you felt guilty
about being weird yesterday.
You're correct.
We're not going to
brunch in the '80s.
- Oh. being weird is expensive. Okay.
- Mm-hmm. Thank you.
- You wanna take the car? [sighs]
- No. No. I'm good.
[Jimmy] Really? Okay.
I know I dropped a bomb on you so
don't be mad if I keep checking in.
Fine. But you're not gonna
be. like. my shadow. right?
No.
- [car horn beeps]
- Get in. hottie.
Hey. Jimmy.
Or Mr. Laird.
You got it. pimp.
Jim-Jimmy's fine.
Next.
Hi. I'll have a shrimp
po'boy and a sweet tea.
I'll have the same order
as his. but mine first.
Oh. he funded the truck.
so he gets lifetime
front-of-the-line privileges.
It's like a FastPass. but
for Dereks. I'm Derek.
Okay.
Oh. you know what?
Today. when I was getting
coffee. I met a food blogger
and somehow I kept my mouth shut
about how that's not a real job.
because it's not.
But he wants to do a write-up
on our truck. So. pretty great.
Yeah. Really great.
I don't wanna be in a blog.
Christ. Can you wait
till we sit down?
Paul. I told Alice.
It went well.
We'll hang a banner.
"Father of the year."
Apparently. this guy wants to
write about me being a vet.
I don't want any of
that soldier-boy shit.
I want... I want this truck
to feel like a fresh start.
Then don't do the interview.
Just tell scary neighbor lady.
Liz.
Don't humanize her.
- [laughs] She can be a lot.
- Yeah.
[sighs] But she's done so much for
me. I don't want to seem ungrateful.
What you writing?
Doctor shit.
This is your pattern.
You avoid hard conversations
'cause they can be painful.
This is the same stuff
that came up last week
when we were talking
about your dad.
I'm not avoiding my dad.
Yeah? When's the last
time you talked to him?
Does he know you have a food
truck? Does he know where you live?
- Let's stay on Liz. [sighs]
- Okay.
I should have never told her I'd do this.
If I back out now. she might get pissed.
Look. we got a huge incentive here
to teach you how to face pain.
You can't feel good about
yourself if you avoid it.
I've got a tool for
that. Could help.
It's called
"Reversal of Desire."
Sounds like an erotic
thriller starring Nic Cage.
[laughs] It does.
Come on. Close your eyes.
Seriously?
- [sighs]
- Visualize your worst fear
of how the conversation
with Liz could go.
See the pain appear
before you like a cloud.
Instead of running from it.
move forward. towards the pain.
Say. "Bring it on. I love pain."
And then finally. the cloud will
spit you out into the light.
feeling like you've conquered
something. Because you have.
And then you say.
"Pain sets me free."
Are you doing it?
Nah. I feel pretty stupid.
Well. you look stupid.
[sighs]
But it works.
I'll say it. Spinning sucks.
[sighs] You just hate working
out while someone yells at you.
Yeah. I guess I'm
weird like that.
Dude. I snapped my hair tie.
Let me borrow your scrunchie.
- No. No. I just got this.
- Please. Come on.
- You never give them back.
- I know. You have the good ones.
That's why I don't
wanna give them to you.
- [laughs]
- Let me have it. Please.
- Ooh. girl. this one's nice.
- Okay. I... I know.
You know. I always got you.
but you owe me. like.
a hundred scrunchies.
Whatever.
- Hey.
What you doing?
I don't know. I've just been thinking
about Tia a lot since that guy came by.
- You?
- Yeah. Mmm.
Of course. I think
about her all the time.
She's... She's the love
of my life. you know.
- [sighs]
- Yeah. about that.
Listen. Jimmy. it's been fun.
but I think we need to end
whatever it is we're doing.
- Oh.
- It'd be one thing
if there were. like.
real feelings. You know?
Like. if we thought maybe
this could go somewhere.
Okay. Yeah. you're
right. Got it.
If it's... if it's not feeling
fun for you anymore. I hear you.
Let's shut it down.
- [chuckles]
- Yeah.
[inhales sharply] Uh. but
maybe let's give each other
some space for a minute?
Then before we know it.
I won't even remember
that you were the first guy
tall enough for me to 69 with.
[chuckles. exhales heavily]
- We made a strong team.
- Strong team.
- I know. We always said that.
- Yeah.
I almost feel like we should
swap jerseys or something.
[laughs] That's funny.
- Good game.
- Yeah. Good game. sir.
[softly] Okay. [inhales deeply]
Okay. So. I know that technically.
shoplifting is wrong...
Wait. wait. wait. Hold that thought.
My dad's been hovering lately.
Dad?
Hey. Not hovering.
Didn't hear anything.
Just got home. actually.
[sighs]
I'm not gonna need the Bronco if
you wanna take her for a spin.
No. I'm good.
[sighs] You're. like. the first
kid in history to get their license
and not ask to use the car once.
If this is because of. uh...
'Cause of Double D?
Who?
Drunk driver.
Oh. you're. like.
horrible at nicknames.
Yeah. Dad. it's
probably because of him.
but could you just please
give me some space?
Yeah. Yes. of course.
Um. you know the drill.
I'm here if you need me.
Thanks.
Summer. shoplifting's not
technically wrong. It's just wrong.
- [softly] Okay. okay.
- [groans]
[Alice] You know what's crazy?
I keep wishing that guy had showed
up here. instead of my dad's office.
There's just so much I want
to say to him. You know?
Like. about how he
fucked up our lives.
I just have all of these thoughts
swirling around in my head
- and I don't know what to do with them.
- Do what I did when my dad split.
Write him a long-ass letter.
You don't even need to send
it. but it totally helped me
get all that stuff
out of my head.
[softly] PS. I also used it
for all my college essays.
[knocks on door]
Alice. Hi. You left your...
[stammers] I'm gonna...
[door opens]
Hi. You left your
sunglasses in my dad's car
and he thought it would
be a... [chuckles]
a growth moment for me to
return them to you. So...
- Thanks.
- I'm gonna go hide in a tree.
[door closes]
- Who is that delicious sad boy?
- [Alice groans. sighs]
I'll give him a growth moment.
Oh. my God. That'd actually be amazing.
Wait. let me introduce you. Come on.
Connor. Connor. Connor. This is
Summer. I wanted you guys to meet.
- [Connor] Nice to meet you.
- You're so stupid. [chuckles]
I'll call the baguette vendor.
I can tell they switched from live
sourdough cultures to commercial yeast.
- I-I don't know what that means.
- [laughs]
Be careful talking like that
around the blog guy tomorrow.
If you start tossing around words
like "umami" and "flavor profile."
he might orgasm all over
the uncooked shrimp.
- Then I will not use any of those words.
- Thank you.
- While we're on the subject...
- Mm-hmm.
About the blog...
Hey. I saw Connor being
flirty with that Autumn girl.
You mean Summer?
I knew it was a season.
Maybe this will get
him to stop moping.
Can we pay her to fuck our son?
Yeah. I think maybe
I'd feel more comfortable just.
you know. rooting for him.
You didn't ask. but me too.
- Two to one. We're gonna root.
- Ah. whatever.
What were you saying
about the blog?
[Derek] Oh. man.
Liz is pumped up.
She hasn't been this stoked since
she got us separate blankets.
[Liz inhales deeply] Listen.
I know I'm overexcited.
- It's a weird color on me. It is.
- It is kind of weird. yeah.
But how cool would it be if
our little truck thing blew up?
[Derek] Oh. I'm rooting
for you guys too.
Uh. not like that.
What were you saying?
It's nothing. It can wait.
Yo. Paul. Jimmy
gave me your cell.
He said you don't check voicemail
right away. but you always read texts.
I tried to talk to Liz. but
I was a total chickenshit.
I just realized it's almost 7:00.
You're probably already asleep. [sighs]
You know what? Let me just tell
you exactly how it happened.
You know how if you use live
sourdough yeast in a baguette.
you get a more complex flavor?
[Paul] Jesus Christ.
Hey. what the hell happened to
you? I've been waiting in the tub.
You said you were gonna grab
us some wine and join me.
My patient just texted
me a fucking book.
- [Julie sighs]
- I'll be right up.
No. no. It's... It's
too late. I'm sleepy.
- Well. I...
- No. you missed your window. [grunts]
For the bath or
for the good stuff?
[Julie] All windows are closed.
He did what on the shrimp?
[door buzzes]
[Jimmy] Listen. Grace.
I know it's hard. but you
gotta forgive yourself.
I pushed my husband off
a cliff. Who does that?
I'm a psycho with good hair.
- I like the good hair part.
- Look whose self-esteem is back.
- I'm a fucking monster.
- And it's gone.
It's gonna take time. but
I'm gonna get you there.
You're gonna keep coming here every day
whether I want you to or not. aren't you?
Could you at least smuggle me
in some Sour Patch Kids. please?
Of course. Grace. [chuckles]
- Wait. do you mean. like. in my butt?
- No.
Oh. then of course. Grace.
[sighs]
[phone chimes]
I have to... I have to head out.
but I know that Brian has some legal
stuff to go over with you. so...
We can't do much trial prep until
they make a final decision on charges.
But as your counsel. there is
one small detail I need to know.
[inhales deeply]
Were you aware that Jimmy was
sleeping with his coworker?
Yes. I was.
Thank you.
- [pen scribbling]
- "Yes. she was."
[sighs]
Wow.
Paul. it's so warm and inviting.
It's just like you.
Except not at all like
you. you know what I mean?
No. I never know what you mean.
Did you give Sean my
personal cell phone number?
Yeah. He seemed
really stressed out
- and he asked for it...
- What the hell?
- What are you. a 7-Eleven for this kid?
- [sighs]
Just open 24 hours a
day. seven days a week?
I know how 7-Eleven works. Paul.
Well. then. you know they're
only for Slurpees. And condoms.
[Julie] Hey. handsome.
I couldn't sleep. so if
you're still interested. I...
Oh. Jimmy's here.
- [Paul] I'm... [sighing] Hon. I'm...
- No. You know what. never mind. Just...
Goddamn it. This is the second
window I missed because of you.
I'm sorry. And I say that not
being exactly sure what I'm sor...
Oh. it was sex. Sorry.
I'm trying to give
Sean the tools he needs
- to help himself.
- [softly] Yeah.
But because of you.
anytime he feels dysregulated.
he looks for outside help.
[sighs]
You've done this kid
a huge disservice.
[imitates buzzer sound]
- You're buzzing me in my own house?
- I am.
And it's 'cause I
think you're wrong.
Paul. I see Grace every
day and you know why?
Because you feel guilty. 'Cause
she threw her husband off a cliff.
- There is that.
- Sure.
But also because sometimes
people need more.
Paul. as therapists. you
and I are a lot alike.
- You take that back.
- It's true.
We both care about
our patients so much.
And. yes. you might argue I
don't have enough boundaries.
You don't have any boundaries.
Well. maybe you
have too damn many.
Christ. You're like a... You're
like a mental health robot.
[scoffs]
[imitating robot]
Engage empathy.
Ooh. oh. interesting.
Ooh. oh. Mmm. Time's up.
Disengage. Beep-boop. beep-boop.
I never say beep-boop.
[normal] How about Raymond?
You like him so much
and you're not gonna see him again
because of some stupid rules?
I mean... I get it.
You are here and
I'm-I'm way over here.
But maybe if we both just move
a little closer to the middle
because. Paul.
I'm telling you...
- [sighing]
- sometimes people need more.
[line rings]
- Hey. Paul.
- [Paul] Hey. kid. [sighs]
I got your text. Fun read.
Are you in any
immediate distress?
Uh. nah. not really. I was just
hoping we could talk this out. so...
Not tonight. Use
the tool I gave you
and we'll talk it through next
week in your regular session.
[sighs] Okay.
Good night.
Right. That must've felt really
good to do that in front of me.
Yeah. it really did.
[door opens. closes]
[knocks on door]
[Jimmy] Hey. uh. I know I-I promised
I was gonna give you some space.
but permission to just poke
my head in and say what's up?
Go ahead.
[both laughing]
What's up?
I'm writing a
letter to Double D.
Wow. [exhales deeply]
Not super psyched that nickname
stuck. but... [chuckles]
I'm not gonna send
it or anything.
Summer just said it might
help me feel better.
I'm gonna say something I
never thought I would say.
Summer had a good
idea. [chuckles]
[chuckles]
- All right. this is what I got so far.
- Okay.
"Dear Mr. Winston.
You ruined my life. you
piece of shit. Eat my ass."
That's a... that's a strong start.
[chuckles] That really hooks you.
I should probably write
one of those. huh?
Grab a pen.
[Gaby's sibling] It's getting
hard to deal with Mama's vision.
And she needs that
cataract surgery. okay?
- You gotta come home and talk to her.
- You live with her.
- You fucking talk to her.
- Gaby. that's why I'm here.
What? Don't give me that "woe-is-me"
shit. Courtney. all right?
I did my time. It's time for
you to step your shit up.
- How about that?
- [groans]
Fucking Saint Gaby.
How long are you gonna
make me pay for the past?
'Cause there's only so much shit I can
eat before we start hating each other.
But hey. maybe
that's what you want.
- Hey. Courtney.
- Fucking giants.
Hey. Big Bird. Say hey
to Little Bird for me.
- [snaps fingers]
- You got it.
[chuckles] Okay.
[sighs] She calls Alice
"Little Bird." so...
Hey. what's going
on? Same old stuff?
You wanna... You wanna
to talk about it?
Oh. yeah. Mm-hmm.
I would love to talk about it
with my dear old friend Jimmy.
But we fucked that up. remember?
Are you waiting for me to answer?
I thought you were gonna storm out.
No. I-I was. I just remembered
- I had my English muffin toasting. so...
- Oh.
[sighs]
- [blows raspberry. clicking tongue]
- [toaster pings]
- There you go.
- Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Move.
All right. Paul.
This is so dumb. talking
to no one out loud.
[sighs]
Bring it on.
[inhales deeply]
[Liz] What do you mean you
don't want to do it anymore?
Why? Is it 'cause you're
a giant fucking baby?
Oh. maybe it's my fault 'cause I let you
use Derek's fancy toilet that one time.
You probably think we
shit money but we don't.
In fact. I don't do
number two at all anymore.
I stopped it with willpower.
Something that you know nothing
about. you giant chickenshit!
[laughs]
What do you mean you don't
want to do it anymore? Why?
Y-You know what? Actually.
it's okay. Let's just cancel.
Really?
I found out that he. uh. calls
his blog Bite in Shining Armor.
- so I'm pretty sure I already hate him.
- [chuckles]
Thank you. Liz. I appreciate it.
Anything for you.
I love this truck and it
really means so much to me.
Oh. Um...
I have... I have this for you.
A rock. Holy shit.
It's one of my favorites.
[Sean exhales deeply]
You okay?
Yeah.
You're not talking.
[sniffles. crying] I'm happy.
Thank you. Liz.
Okay. now get away from
me for a few minutes.
I'm gonna go in the truck.
Will you do the sign from now
on? It pinches my fingers.
- [chuckles] Yes. ma'am.
- Please.
- Hey.
- [Jimmy] Hey.
I'm going out. Can
I get the keys?
Yeah. Yeah.
Giving my little
girl the keys. huh?
I'd love if you
could throw me those
without trying to make some
father-daughter moment out of this.
- You think you can?
- I know I can't.
- Okay.
- You get to choose though.
between. uh. me taking a
video of you catching the keys
or a tight hug of
meaningful length.
- Get your phone out.
- Yes. that's the one I wanted.
I did hug arms as
reverse psychology. Okay.
- Okay.
- I'm gonna set this to music later and...
- We're going now? Okay.
- Yeah.
- [phone beeps]
- [whispers] Action.
- What do you want me to do?
- Ask for the keys again.
Oh. Right. right. Um.
Hey. Dad. can I have
the keys. please?
Sure. Here you go. kiddo.
[softly] Yes!
And cut.
- That was in slow motion...
- Oh. Okay.
So it's gonna be pretty cool.
I'm gonna go.
Hey. can you do me a favor?
Just be so careful out there.
- You got it. pimp.
- [chuckles]
- What up. Alice?
- Hey.
- Yo.
- Hey. man. How you doing?
Pain sets me free.
- So. good?
- Real good. Jimmy.
[sighs] Fuck.
Hey. I'm calling to tell you that
Sean seems to be doing great.
So. uh. yeah. You
were... you were right.
Of course I'm right. I'm
always right. That's what I do.
Well. maybe... Maybe someday
when I'm right about something.
you could give me a
little credit. huh?
Dare to dream. Jimbo.
Good night. Paul.
Hey. Ray.
Hey. there he is.
Give me an IPA. will you?
[both exhale deeply]
So. where were you born?
You know everything about
me. I gotta catch up.
[chuckles] Darien. Connecticut.
Um. How many kids do you have?
[knocks on door]
What are you doing here?
Listen. I-I respect your boundaries.
Doesn't mean I can't be a friend.
Look. we both know how it goes with
your sister. It always blows over.
But until then. yeah. I made
you a little care package.
Some of your favorite
things. There's a bath bomb.
there's some good tequila.
and there's those grapes you love
that taste like cotton candy.
Oh. How do they do it?
It's like grapes and the cotton
candy and then it's like what?
- It's a Christmas miracle.
- It really is. [sighs]
It's gonna be okay.
Thank you.
- [inhales deeply]
- Hmm.
Hey. fuck you.
- Fuck me?
- Yeah.
I didn't even move. You
leaned in to kiss me.
Yeah. but you were
gonna let me kiss you.
You know. I don't even know
what's happening right now.
I just came over here
with a bag of treats.
- No other intentions. so...
- [imitating baby] You did?
You came over with a bag of
tweets and no other intentions?
[normal] Show me your underwear.
- Excuse me?
- Show me.
You heard me. You wearing the red
stuff? Hmm? The sex boxers I like?
Show me your fucking underwear.
I am not going to show
you my undergarment.
Well. why not? Hmm? You
have something to hide?
- Show me your undergarment.
- You know what?
- This is getting weird.
- Show me your undergarment.
Gaby. this is getting
weird. I'm gonna leave.
- No. you made it weird.
- I'm gonna leave.
- Actually. you made it weird.
- Hey. no.
- Let me see your underwear.
- No. Hey. No.
- I do not consent. No.
- Show me your underwear. Let me see.
- [exclaims] Let me see it!
- [grunts] How are you so fucking strong?
[screams]
- [grunting. screaming]
- Show me! Show me!
- Show me your underwear.
- Release me. Stop saying it.
- Stop saying it! No! I will not!
- Show me your underwear!
[breathes heavily]
Yeah.
Fine.
But you're the one
who made a move on me.
I didn't do anything wrong.
[panting] Yeah. you
did because you knew.
- I knew what?
- Really? You gonna make me say it? Huh?
Jimmy. [panting] You knew I
caught feelings. all right?
But you're so fucking selfish. you
just kept fucking me anyway. right?
[sniffles] Yeah?
Huh? Just admit it.
[softly] Yeah.
Get the fuck out of my house.
- Don't do this.
- Get the fuck out.
[Jimmy] Okay.
Go.
I'm really sorry.
Fuck you. man.
["Cope" playing]
[music continues]